fpsync: add page (#13174)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/fpsync.md

# fpsync

> Execute several synchronization processes locally or on several remote workers through SSH.
> More information: <https://www.fpart.org/fpsync/>.

- Recursivly syncronize a directory to another location:

> `fpsync -v {{/absolute/path/to/source/}} {{/absolute/path/to/destination/}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`fpsync -v {{/path/to/source/}} {{/path/to/destination/}}`
```
I don't think we need to say that the path is absolute, the `/` before is enough.

> - Recursivly syncronize a directory with the final pass. Enables rsync's --delete option with each synchronization job:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Recursively synchronize a directory with the final pass (It enables rsync's `--delete` option with each synchronization job):
```

`fpsync -v -E {{/absolute/path/to/source/}} {{/absolute/path/to/destination/}}`

> - Recursivly syncronize a directory to a destination using 8 concurrent synchronization jobs:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Recursively synchronize a directory to a destination using 8 concurrent synchronization jobs:
```

`fpsync -v -n 8 -E {{/absolute/path/to/source/}} {{/absolute/path/to/destination/}}`

> - Recursivly syncronize a directory to a destination using 8 concurrent synchronization jobs spread over two remote workers (machine1 and machine2):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Recursively synchronize a directory to a destination using 8 concurrent synchronization jobs spread over two remote workers (machine1 and machine2):
```

`fpsync -v -n 8 -E -w login@machine1 -w login@machine2 -d {{/path/to/shared/directory}} {{/absolute/path/to/source/}} {{/absolute/path/to/destination/}}`

> - Recursivly syncronize a directory to a destination using 4 local workers, each one transferring at most 1000 files and 100 MB per synchronization job:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Recursively synchronize a directory to a destination using 4 local workers, each one transferring at most 1000 files and 100 MB per synchronization job:
```

`fpsync -v -n 4 -f 1000 -s $((100 * 1024 * 1024)) {{/absolute/path/to/source/}} {{/absolute/path/to/destination/}}`

> - Recursivly syncronize any directories but exclude e.g. .snapshot* files. Options and values must be separated by a pipe character:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Recursively synchronize any directories but exclude specific `.snapshot*` files (Note: options and values must be separated by a pipe character):
```
